alright Hank I thought I'd get y'all
update on the beasts here right now
everything is februari 18th and we're
all snouted beasts thing going anywhere
for a while but i thought i'd show you
all my new elder Brock carb and give you
guys a cold start and show you how good
this Carver is this carburetor kills in
the last one my last couple q Jets the
first one the back four barrels I've had
a problem with the spring and it stay
open so like almost all the time my
choice shitty but there's my new all de
Brock she's a beauty the engine runs to
send much better now with that the
headers the ain't lasted as long as I
thought they would you guys can see the
Sun to be a little bit bro well I'm just
happy with engine but yeah I'm and then
oh I got to get new tires soon because
these were on the front and I kind of
got screwed on the alignment two years
ago you can see that steel right there
to steal Bell starting to come through
that ain't good so I put them on the
back thought I'd have a little fun maybe
burn some rubber here and there so I get
new tires in the next few weeks after
all this big snow melt kind of sick of
it
the guys i press the gas one time
she runs like a beauty but she hate
going anywhere because that longest one
you guys are gonna be awful scrunchy see
that it is smoking anymore that's just
cuz the cold right there cuz it's like
20 but past couple carbs they had they
were smoked it was this car is smoking
pretty bad
shaked a little bit because that RV cam
I put in it but and it's got a couple
exhaust leaks
around the headers they gotta fix other
than ash he's running great really great
do you live
machine I'll tell you that
say the gas here getting more expensive
every day and I need to savor it hey
Maria
this is the best daddy ever
bring gone
myself back there there's a couple more
up there
this thing I need is a subwoofer I am
the proud owner of a performer theory
edelbrock god save the gas so my dad
don't get a little bit heck of water as
I gasping on so he's been doing doesn't
look like i've been doing anything
because i can't even get out got a
frickin can't wait for this you gotta
tighten up something there's a little
antifreeze drip hey bad i'll do that
when I I Drive a next if it ever stops
now and never be able to drive the poor
thing hey guys that is my update on my
72 plymouth satellite with the new 340
another one but i will update again when
i clean up this nasty dirty rims are
actually i love those rims but when I
clean them up and get new tires i'm
thinking BF Goodrich something like that
or maybe like Cooper radio GD some some
white letter tire you guys comment this
video and let me know what kind of tire
you think is the best and cheap because
I already know the BF good rooms are 91
bucks piece but just comment my video
and tell me what tires you think i
should get and I'll see y'all next
update but dang look at this ice so
those man kill somebody all the smells
giving him a heart attack alright see
you guys next update or whenever
your head